Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[Uncle]
[Switching off]
[Room 504] [Prosecutor Yoon Gyuho]
[Investigators: Choi Ara. Go Yijeong]
Yes. come in.
Wow. What brings you here
so early in the morning?
I have a favor to ask.
To ask me?
For who?
You?
There's a jerk who annoys me.
Who?
His name is Hong Sungho.
He runs a laundry business.
Not a small shop
but a commercial company
that deals with corporate clients.
Dig into him until you find something.
You're the expert in
corporate and economic cases. after all.
How has
this person upset you?
He messed with someone important to me.
so I'm going to pay him back.
That's a first.
You have someone important to you now?
I know. right?
Besides. don't you hate
targeted investigations?
There are always exceptions. aren't there?
So you are human.
I'll return the favor. I promise.
OK.
Thanks.
So. who's this important person
you're protecting?
[Investigator. Lee Chaeha]
I'll leave it to you. Yoon.
-Bye.
-Hey. hey. hey!
Who is it?
Dude...
Hello?
Where are you?
Do I have to report my whereabouts to you?
I'm sorry.
Instead of calling me.
shouldn't you be rushing to work?
My phone was off.
so I got up late.
Excuses on top of neglecting your duties?
I'm sorry.
Don't come to work.
No! I'll be right there...
Ah!
Don't come.
Why are you doing this?
Did I do something wrong yesterday?
Don't come to the office.
Go straight to the scene.
Can you do that?
Oh...
Yes. got it.
Are you out of your mind. Lee Chaeha?
Don't look at me. I don't want to see you.
[Park Siwoo]
[Kim Yunsik]
[Kwak Seunghwan:
because of property division?]
[Kim (Koryoin): drug overdose]
[Found in a small room
on the second floor]
[Last abandoned mine in Danhyeon
to be converted into a casino...]
[Danhyeon Land construction led by Ohsong:
casino. hotel. theme park. resort...]
[First female executive
in the casino industry...]
[Promises "transparent management
and regional win-win"]
[Danhyeon City "Casino Owner Murdered";
his driver. Lee. a suspect]
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
Mr. Lee!
Mr. Song.
when did you get here?
I've been here all morning.
Where's the knife?
Then we need to find other evidence
to prove the crime.
The culprit really thought this through.
even trying to frame an ex-convict.
Why do you think she killed him?
Killing a spouse.
it's usually one of the two:
cheating or life insurance.
Which one is better?
What?
Which one I think it is?
No.
Which one do you think is better?
His mom killed his dad.
To the kid.
which one is better?
I prefer life insurance.
Let's look for the insurance certificate.
-I'll look in the yard.
-OK.
Who is it!
How did you get in here. kid?
You can't just come in here.
Why?
This is my home.
Uh... well...
I came just to take this.
Look. isn't it cool?
Yes. it's cool.
I'm bringing it on my trip.
Are you going on a trip?
Yes!
I'm taking a plane and going far away!
Exciting. right?
Um. can you brag to me?
When are you leaving?
Where are you going?
With whom?
With my mom...
Ahn Jinwoo!
Mom!
Who said you could come here
without telling me. huh?
I just wanted to get this.
I was worried about you.
Hello.
What are you doing here?
We're looking for more traces
left by Lee Hyunsoo.
At my house?
Yes.
Are you staying nearby?
Yes. my sister lives nearby.
But... isn't there enough evidence
to convict Lee Hyunsoo?
You even have his knife.
Yes. but before
drafting the indictment.
we sometimes conduct
a final survey of the scene ourselves.
Please put him in jail ASAP.
Mr. Lee! I found...
Hello.
Jinwoo. let's go.
Goodbye.
Bye. kiddo!
Did you find it?
Yes.
A life insurance
worth 150 million won (~$100k)
[Nuri Life Insurance]
[The Insured: Ahn Dongjin]
under the name of her husband.
Ahn Dongjin.
Let's go too.
OK.
[Prosecution]
Han Soojin saw you
resurveying the crime scene?
Yes.
but she didn't seem to trust us at all.
Looks like we need to get a warrant soon.
Where's the knife?
We couldn't find it.
-Mr. Song.
-Yes?
Get the police to stake her out
so we don't lose sight of her.
Is that really necessary?
The police will be annoyed too.
That's not important.
It's better than her escaping.
Oh?
Mr. Lee. I thought you were Mr. Ju!
You two are
rubbing off on each other. huh?
You think so?
-Mr. Song.
-Yes?
Please call the police
and request the stakeout now.
Oh. yes. right away.
I'm requesting a stakeout on Han Soojin.
Director Tak.
Investigator Lee Chaeha?
Nice to meet you.
Hello.
This is Director Tak Sungwoong
from Criminal Division 2.
Sit. sit.
Here.
Goodness.
I heard you used to be a cop.
Yes. that's right.
I see.
How are you settling in?
It's been good.
He's pretty picky.
so not many people make the cut.
You must be really good at your job.
He is.
Please take good care of Taeseon.
He's like my own son.
Alright.
I shouldn't overstay my welcome.
I'm off.
Get on with your work.
Are you OK?
I'm so sorry!
Oh no...
I'm fine.
-Mr. Song.
-Yes?
Can you get the mop in the restroom?
Yes. I'll get it.
Are you soaked?
N-No.
Gosh. you're all wet.
Oh. it's not that wet.
What... What are you doing?
What do you think?
Taking off your clothes.
How do you want to handle it?
Have you thought about it?
I'm sorry.
I was drunk. It was a mistake.
What are you talking about?
I mean. Lee Gilyoung's case.
Are you on board with the investigation?
You didn't answer me after that day.
Oh...
I am on board.
And...
A mistake?
So that was a mistake to you?
How could you make such a mistake?
Oh.
Do you just kiss anyone
whenever you've had a few?
I'm not that kind of person!
When I said it was a mistake.
I don't mean that
it meant nothing to me...
It wasn't a mistake on my part.
What?
Do I look like someone
who'd have a lapse of judgement?
It wasn't a drunken mistake for me.
Then...
Sex partners.
Right.
I apologize if I gave you
the wrong idea.
But
do you really think I'd ever fall for you?
I'd prefer if you actually
had a lapse of judgement.
Think whatever you want.
But don't push it on me.
I got the mop...
What are you waiting for?
Go get changed.
I have a spare shirt in my office.
Yes.
We'll arrest Han Soojin
once we locate her.
Send the request for an arrest warrant.
with the evidence.
Also.
check around the hardware store.
See if there's a place
the Koryoin. Kim. could've stayed at.
Got it.
Right.
And this.
Information I collected
on Kang Woosung's murder.
I'm eager to see
what you can do this time. too.
Mr. Lee.
Yes.
this is Investigator Lee Chaeha
from Criminal Div. 1. West District.
What about her phone?
I see. OK.
Let me know when you locate her.
Her son said they were going on a trip.
somewhere far.
Seems like she planned on going on a trip
with the life insurance payout.
Or maybe she's planning
to kill herself with her son.
She was after the insurance money.
and even planned to frame a friend.
Why would she be suicidal
after killing her husband?
Who knows?
Maybe it's out of guilt.
That's possible.
There was a man who committed suicide
after killing his friend
for just 1 million won (<$1.000). too.
Besides. suicide aside.
many criminals visit
their parents' graves
before they die or run away.
Why are you so out of breath?
What.
need my help to build your stamina?
No.
Did Han Soojin
bury the weapon around here?
Well.
I'm not sure. But it's likely.
Are you cold?
Want me to warm you up?
No!
I don't need either.
Don't mind me.
How can I.
when you're trembling beside me?
I told you I'd come here alone.
How could I send you to
such a dangerous place alone?
It's better over there.
Be careful.
I told you to be careful.
I told you I'm fine.
Why do you keep doing this?
Is it wrong for a prosecutor to
look out for his investigator?
Do you care this much for a sex partner?
Lee Chaeha.
don't force me to catch feelings
just because we slept together once.
Seeing you like this...
Makes me want to do it again.
W-What are you doing...
Hush. It's Han Soojin.
I'm sorry.
Han Soojin!
Stay away!
I told you to stay away!
This just makes matters worse for you.
Please.
Please leave me alone.
Please!
Calm down. Han Soojin.
Stay back.
I told you to stay back!
Get away!
Get lost!
I'm begging you.
Please leave me alone.
Please!
Mr. Ju. move!
Mr. Ju!
Lee Chaeha!
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
[In the Next Episode]
Let's go.
Where?
The motel.
What?
A total psycho.
What could he have done here?
What else?
Am I a pervert?
What brings you here?
I'm here to turn myself in.
Wanna see a movie this weekend?
A movie?
I'll take that as a yes.
Who is it?
Mr. Song.
You two are hitting it off. huh?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org